{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The .zip file attached contains a .mat file for each of the 501 neurons for which I previously gave you the Gabor fit parameters.\'a0 Inside the .mat files, there is a data structure that contains a few variables: the filename for that recording (which is also in the name of the .mat file), the firing rate for each trial, the disparity for each trial, and the speed of motion for each trial.\
For the disparity variable: -99 indicates a left-eye (monocular) control condition, +99 indicates a right-eye control condition, and 98 indicates a condition in which binocularly uncorrelated dots were presented.\'a0 The monocular controls may be useful if you want to look at ocular dominance for any reason.\'a0 And the uncorrelated control is useful to see which parts of the disparity tuning correspond to facilitation vs. suppression.\'a0 Not sure you need these, but I included them in case they are useful.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
Also, trials that have a -9999 value for either the disparity or speed variables correspond to "null" control trials in which only the fixation point was presented.\'a0 So you can use these trials to compute the spontaneous activity level.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
For the speed varaible:\'a0 the only reason I included this is that some neurons were tested at multiple speeds, typically the preferred speed (roughly) and zero speed.\'a0 Those data were part of the Palanca and DeAngelis (2003) study in which we examined whether MT neurons show disparity tuning for stationary stimuli.\'a0 For cells that have more than one speed, the Gabor parameters I believe that the Gabor parameters I sent you will correspond to the non-zero (preferred) speed\
I'm also attaching another copy of the spreadsheet with the Gabor fit parameters, this one has the file name for each cell so that you can match up the Gabor parameters with the raw data.\
I think the first thing you should do is plot out the raw data with the fit superimposed and make sure that those all look reasonable.\
}