{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green55\blue106;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c12157\c28627\c49020;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14180\viewh14220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 From Jenny Read:\
\
The archive should contain 2 folders, named dufus and rufus (the two monkeys involved)\
\
In the dufus folder there are the following folders:\
000\'a0 \'a0 \'a0014\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0034\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0043\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0060\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0078\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0105\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0120\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0135\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0200\
012\'a0 \'a0 \'a0019\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0039\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0047\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0061\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0081\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0117\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0132\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0195\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0203\
013\'a0 \'a0 \'a0025\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0041\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0056\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0068\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0099\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0119\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0133\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0199\
\
In the rufus folder there are the following folders:\
011\'a0 \'a0 \'a0034\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0057\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0068\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0076\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0089\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0101\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0109\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0120\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0127\
014\'a0 \'a0 \'a0037\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0061\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0072\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0077\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0092\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0102\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0110\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0121\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a09121\
018\'a0 \'a0 \'a0055\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0066\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0075\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0083\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0095\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0107\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0113\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0122\
\
Each folder represents 1 neuron. It should contain files like:\
\\dufus\\060\\duf060.0.c1.rds.OxPD.mat\
\'a0\\rufus\\075\\ruf075.0.c1.rds.OxPD.mat\
\
c1 means first cell on the electrode (almost always only 1).\
rds means "random dot stereogram"\
OxPD means orthogonal x parallel disparity. So these are the data-files for the disparity tuning.\
\
More in a moment on the format of the data within each matlab file.\
\
BTW Bruce comments that "you need to check carefully that the .c2. files are sensible.\'a0 \'a0In some cases it may be that the second cell was not isolated all the time, and unless the user is careful you can end up with files where there appear to be no spikes for a long time, but in reality they are just no longer seen by the electrode. "\
\
\
OK, so on to the structure of the data file. Each file contains one giant structure called Expt.\
\
Bruce has very helpfully stored an array of names describing the meanings of the codes in the field Stimvals. So you see that Expt.Stimvals.dw=0.093, for example, and then you can see in Expt.Names.dw that this is the size of the dots used in the stimulus (not relevant for our needs).\
\
In Expt.Trials you can see all the individual stimulus presentations. Eg. duf060.0.c1.rds.OxPD.mat, Bruce did 701 presentations.\
Each entry, e.g. Expt.Trials(1) , contains all the information about that trial. Expt.Trials.dx, dy is the stimulus horizontal and vertical disparity on the screen during that trial. The sign convention is that for positive dy, the left-eye's image was displayed higher up on the screen than the right-eye's.\
\
\
Then you need to know how many spikes the cell fired in response. Expt.Trials(1).Spikes gives the times (in 0.1ms?) of all the spikes the cell fired on trial 1. All the spikes are valid. Expt.Trials.Count\'a0 is the number of spikes between 50ms and stimulus end + 50ms, which is what Bruce tends to use in calculating tuning curves and I suggest we do too.\
\
So now already you should be able to replicate Fig 1 of Bruce's paper. Go through all trials for that cell, average all those with a given (dx,dy) pair and thus obtain mean response at that 2D disparity.\
Next you need to analyse that in order to extract the preferred HD and VD. Bruce did that by fitting a 2D Gabor and defining the preferred disparity to be the value where the fitted function was maximal.\'a0 This is where the major work comes in for you guys. I don't have code to fit the 2D Gabor. I can send you some related fits, but you'll need to get something working yourselves. It is a fiddly fit to get right (getting sensible initial guesses is key).\
\
Once you've done that, you'll have optimal HD and VD for each cell. Ultimately we'll want some confidence estimate, but more later on that.\
\
Then, we need to relate that to the cell's position in the visual field. That information is in Expt.Stimvals.xo and yo.\
The centre of the screen was at (xo,yo)=(0,0). In almost all cases the animal will also have been fixating there, but this is recorded in Expt.Stimvals.fx and fy (which are (0,0) in the files I have). Do check for each file that fx and fy are zero, as otherwise we need to correct for that.\
xo,yo is in screen coordinates, so technically we should correct for the finite vergence:\
Left eye: tan(azimuth-longitude) = - tan(xo) / [ 1 -\'a0 (tan(xo) - tan(D2))tan(D2)]\
Right eye: tan(azimuth-longitude) = - tan(xo) / [ 1 +\'a0 (tan(xo) + tan(D2))tan(D2)]\
Left eye: tan(elevation-longitude) =- tan(yo)\'a0 / [ cos(D2) -\'a0 (tan(xo) - tan(D2))sin(D2)]\
Right eye: tan(elevation-longitude) =- tan(yo)\'a0 / [ cos(D2) +\'a0 (tan(xo) + tan(D2))sin(D2)]\
where D2 = half the vergence angle; tan(D2) = half interocular distance / 89cm. (halfintercoualr for a monkey = 2cm??)\
But actually, these corrections are pretty small, and in fact to within the experimental accuracy we probably have az-longitude = xo, el-longitude = yo.\
The sign convention is that positive xo means to the right on the monitor as you would see it if you were standing in front of it, BUT this means to the animal's left because it is viewing each monitor via a mirror.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf4 \strokec4 Obviously it was Bruce not me who actually did these experiments so I\'92m cc\'92ing him to be sure. But I\'92m pretty confident that the arrangement of the mirrors was as described in the earlier papers, even though this experiment was done on a different rig. Specifically, Bruce has his mirrors set up so that the angle of incidence of the line of sight on the physical monitors (after the mirrors) is the same oblique angle as it would be for a single monitor in front of the animals at the same distance. This means that zero vertical disparity on the monitors is always epipolar, i.e. it does have some vertical disparity on the retina given that the viewing distance is 89cm.
\f0\fs20 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0
\f0\fs20 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf4 \strokec4 Re horizontal disparity, this is a good question. I thought Bruce usually used the convention that near = negative. This is the convention common in the film industry (negative parallax = in front of the screen). In Prince et al 2002b, in fig 1, cells labeled \'93near\'94 have peak firing at negative disparities whereas cells labeled \'93far\'94 have peaks at positive disparities. However, in Cumming & Parker 2000 (J Neurosci 20), Fig 3 says \'93near (positive) disparities\'94 and sure enough, the monkey is saying \'93in front\'94 when the disparities are positive.
\f0\fs20 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf4 \strokec4 Bruce, did you change sign conventions between papers? Do you know which you used for Cumming 2002??
\f0\fs20 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0
\f0\fs20 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf4 \strokec4 (NB I stated that
\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0\'93positive xo means to the right on the monitor as you would see it if you were standing in front of it, BUT this means to the animal's left because it is viewing each monitor via a mirror.\'94\'a0
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf4 \strokec4 So if a stimulus has xR > xL, then the stimulus has near disparity (in front of the screen), and if xL > xR, then the stimulus has far disparity (behind the screen). If xR=xL, then the stimulus is on the screen (although not necessarily on the horopter). But obviously this doesn\'92t help when you just have a RDS with dx=0.2 or whatever. Just jotting it down in case it\'92s ever useful.)
\f0\fs20 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0
\f0\fs20 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}